But everything happens for a reason
The first
He's out there
In our scheme of abbreviation is o
And happens for a reason or scheme of abbreviation is H
So nothing is over but everything is H
This is a conjunction
Of
Sweeping generalizations
I remember the word but
In English is just another way of saying
And
I'm going to first just go ahead and replace that
With the
The end
Everything is hok
For all Acts
Paychex
That's how we deal with everything is Gage
Nothing is up here we have a choice
Probably the simplest thing to do
Is this a that it's not the case
That something
Is o
The other option
Is it supposed lent is you can say that everything is not okay
Both of those
Capture the thought that nothing is up so if everything is not
Oh
Well then nothing is a hoe
And if it's not the case
That
Something is okay
Could not the case that even at least one thing is so
Then nothing is out
Both of those answers are correct